# Protocol Overview
This document contains all the protocols merged into one. It is separated into meetings for weeklys and submeetings for conferences in the subteams.

# Table of contents
1. [Meeting 29.09.2023](#29_09)
2. [Meeting 13.10.2023](#13_10)
3. [Meeting 20.10.2023](#20_10)


# Meeting  Protocol  of 29.09.2023  <a name="29_09"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Tristan Kopp```.

## Meeting Participants

* Florian Dörr
* Simon Lutz 
* Robin Ernst
* Thomas Ekhardt
* Tristan Kopp 

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|First steps|Get an overview of the project|
|Assign Jobs| <ul><li>Product Manager: Florian Dörr</li><li>Test Manager: Thomas Ekhardt</li><li>System Architect: Simon Luz</li><li>Software Developer: Robin Ernst</li><li>Technical Documentation: Tristan Kopp</li></ul>|

## Problems



## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Florian Dörr ||
|Simon Lutz||
|Robin Ernst||
|Thomas Ekhardt||
|Tristan Kopp||

# Meeting  Protocol  of 13.10.2023  <a name="13_10"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Tristan Kopp```.

## Meeting Participants

* Florian Dörr
* Simon Lutz 
* Robin Ernst
* Thomas Ekhardt
* Tristan Kopp 

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Progress since 06.10.2023|CRS is finished & some of the wrong wiki links are fixed|
|New Tasks|see [Work Progress](#13_10_WP)|


## Problems
Some wiki Links refer to the wrong project & some names aren't updated.


## Work Progress <a name="13_10_WP"></a>

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Florian Dörr |Write project plan|
|Simon Lutz|Wait for SRS & prepare SAS|
|Robin Ernst|Buisness Cases|
|Thomas Ekhardt|Wiki|
|Tristan Kopp|Write SRS|
# Meeting  Protocol  of 20.10.2023  <a name="20_10"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Tristan Kopp```.

## Meeting Participants

* Florian Dörr
* Simon Lutz 
* Robin Ernst
* Thomas Ekhardt
* Tristan Kopp 

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Progress since 13.10.2023 |SRS and BC are complete & Wiki links are now correct|
|New Tasks|see [Work Progress](#20_10_WP)|


## Problems
Some wiki info's aren't updated.


## Work Progress <a name="20_10_WP"></a>

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Florian Dörr |Time schedule|
|Simon Lutz|Planning architecture & writing SAS|
|Robin Ernst|Buisness cases|
|Thomas Ekhardt|Wiki & prepare Power Point|
|Tristan Kopp|Write protocols|


